hi all guys are always i
baths and welcome back to the channel of a few
hubert then today as you know Thursday e
so I am the one who brings you
the door is part of the pokémon guide
arcoiris and I want to clarify immediately
that this part is not a live like
I usually do but it's a post that at least
so comment on why I'm doing it
narrating on the part and then I ask you
to pay more attention to that
which I will tell you is what you will see on
gameplay because I have some things to
just tell you even if it's not so much
guys immediately start that is I mean
that I apologize for last week that
I didn't load the part of course
this part where it had to arrive
last week but for many
problems did not come because it is there
precisely the modem, various crap that I am
have prevented from registering it e
just to load it and in fact I have
alerted also to other comrades
few cuber if I don't know if they were
communicated something however I anyway for
that week he had entered twice
on youtube and then let it be
so I apologize but today I wanted to
do this kind of video
with my comment above but from the dai
next at least hopefully that will be all
in place and I will return to play the parts in
live
and oh well as you can see in this
part I have not done much in fact I'm
training pokémon here and we're going
a little ahead beating some coaches
and then I especially have to thank you
what guys in the comments you write to me
always like going on and indeed it has
kept doing it because it is again
need because anyway i to do
this guide will play once a
week or the guide anyway
being also in Spanish is just me
I remember it so much when he picked it up again
so guys since been rumors
playing that from how you can guess in
comments
I ask myself to tell me everything
you have on the game and therefore never from
we will write the private message on mine
channel or not write it when i
comments so I say in preparation and
I go ahead
maybe I could even say hello anyway
to thank you and this then
many ask me if I already have in mind the
team to do but guys in fact
as I told you I don't know anything because
it is the first time they play us then
sandy spanish I don't understand doubly e
so as you know the work if p2p jobs
I'm after in the sense that I found them
are bonuses given by the game and therefore i
guys me and if there will be others like that
I will keep those because they are anyway
always strong because I honestly don't know
as they are found in the grass
I only know that being comes up to
third generation however the map is
different
yet the areas therefore do not seem useless
so if they give us those there why not
take them so kids I 'll keep those
there and then always suitable of themes always
a monster I don't know if you find something
some of their scorers are interesting
or in part
then the last thing I wanted to tell you
guys that I don't know if yes well there are any
you will surely be noticed that with
this channel we have exceeded a thousand and
100 children enrolled in a month
mom my kids i the others
we will never thank you enough for
for the supporters and we are giving
and it will certainly come
a special wine that we are still de
but let's say that we are there
exchanged ideas and now we'll see if
the others also agree and if there is
will be precisely because we wanted that
come a well done thing because to do
thousand subscribers and in any case it is this then i
guys I wanted great to clarify the
question of why however many
many people send us messages
personal where they ask us to enter a
being part of staff then I wanted
excellent clarify this question but not
from sunken no because now one sees
this settemari channel says knows that
I want to enter too
ok now a moment considering that anyway
I do not have anything to say
I wanted to talk about this thing then
guys do you know that the idea started from
mills and in any case we have 7 vabbè
we can define ourselves those that still today
they are almost more famous than when me
few in this area on youtube e
so in fact we were also already friends and
so that's why we decided
also to create one
but it's not like we got what they cause
the exceptions I know most beautiful was
taken at random so on the way later
we obviously have a joke and friends here
we took the boy for the
moment we remain we continue septa
the ones we are doing because then
however many ask us to enter
however if one enters then a part that
it serves however the is the week therefore
we have already distributed days for the
video but then if we let it in
one as you know, that is, others too
they say what you did and why
I ca n't go in for that too
which for the moment at least as I repeat
for the moment we are 7 if then in
future if I don't know, a column is spoken
where we will decide to make known
some youtuber that needs to
growing up the kids will make but it's all from
see now nothing is decided yet
we talked about it but little because
however now we have the first
created the channel so now there
focus on in the sets on the guides that
we are doing e
now guys then not continued not
continue because then that is a piece not
keep asking three guys that
for the moment it is no so here is no in
future and kids will see you first while
so don't worry look at ours
video and this is enough and guys I don't
I have nothing more to say I know I am six
minutes to do it but I still have
wanted to tell him what I had to say e
clear up some right
question that maybe he didn't have with his ass
understood and
enough now I would say about drake though
I always leave the other there is the video
but I continue other minutes I know I don't know
how much, however, guys from me
I hope the next part is all a
place or will be re- commented live
it's good I leave you my channel on
link of my channel in registration on
video where my video is obvious 201th
special video I made today precisely
I tell you I 'll explain some things about it too
few timbres et boys don't stay with me
other than under harvey and so how
always commented and voted subscribe
boys shock